# ARO Foundational Learning Path L100 - Networking Labs
This repo contains three lab scenarios for common ARO networking problems. The
`aro-flp-network.sh` shell script is the uncompiled source for the scenarios,
while the production container image uses a binary generated by `shc`.

## Prerequisites for running the shell scripts directly
If you're wanting to run the shell script directly and not use the container image,
you'll need the following:

- Azure CLI (this was built using version 2.41 but a recent version should work).
- Enough quota in Azure to deploy an ARO cluster.
- jq, used in some of the validation logic.

After ensuring you have the prerequisites, the shell script can be run using the following:

`aro-flp-network.sh --help`

## Building and Contributing
If you're interesting in adding new scenarios to the labs, each scenario is implemented as a single
script underneath the `labs` directory. The script for each lab is responsible for building
the scenario environment in Azure as well as validating whether or not the scenario has
been solved.

A set of common functions (such as building a basic resource group and the core components
used by the ARO clusters) can be found in the `common_funcs.sh` script.

Logic for handling the CLI runs (option/flag parsing) is handled in the main shell script
which then farms out to the individual lab files.

The binaries can be built using the `shc_script_converter.sh` script in the root.

The Docker image is built using a GitHub Actions CI run that is triggered on a push to main.